Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
One of the first things that we need to learn how to do is to loop through an open and
close each of the Excel files in a specific folder.
So what,
we're gonna dio I've just knocked up a rough,
better code.
Very simple piece of code that's going to do precisely that.
So this one's called Private sub open all files in folders.
We're not going to do anything with them at the moment,
but this is gonna form the shell of what we're going to modify a little later on.
So here we have the folder name Seiko.
Long slash users slash allen slash There.
Stop slash demo slash on Just to show you what's in that folder.
This is it.
Here.
So we have 12345678 Excel files on their name 2016 11 Eastern Milton,
Southern western 2016 12 eastern,
northern,
southern and western.
Now what we have is the past two here.
Demo hard,
cold ID on what this does.
The file name is gonna hold the complete path and file name to each of these files in turn
.
So literally what this will do.
We will hard code the folder name and then using this file name directory,
the folder name we've just specified above wild card.
That means it could be absolutely anything.
Will have an extension dot x l Question Mark Question Mark.
No question.
Mark is a wild card for any letter.
Where is the asterisk?
Is a wild card for any letter or number.
So basically anything that's in this folder here that we've specified just here that has
the extension dot x l on anything else it can be XLs em XLs X on it could be called
Absolutely anything will be loaded to the file name full name on.
Then we just have a simple do loop.
Now what the do loop does?
It says workbooks open.
We've seen this before.
It's gonna say folder name and file name.
So it's going to take this path and it's going to take this full name,
which can be anything providing the 1st 2 letters after the dust is excel.
So that will be workbooks open.
Obviously,
we will put some more clever code in here to do something with it once it's open.
But just to demonstrate this,
the next thing we're gonna do you say workbooks file name which we have here.
Close save changes.
Now,
here is where we move on to the next file that meets this criteria.
So essentially,
this is Iterating through one.
So let me just run this code and so you can see what it does.
Something hit their fate.
And here you can see my hover over.
We have 2016 11 Eastern region,
which is the first file in this faller.
So they were going to it.
A race Andi just hidden behind there.
We have the Eastern Region fault file on there.
We're gonna close it.
And now look what happens when we hover over this.
At the moment it says Eastern region.
But when I hit F ace,
no changes to Northern Region,
which is the next Excel file that matches this criteria in the folder.
So,
Luke,
through on,
there we go.
You can't actually see very well.
But there is the northern region.
And if I just play that that will open each of those files in turn and then immediately
close them,
we're gonna have a look at our to butcher that in the next section.
I think it's an exception.
We're gonna have a look at a book,
you know,
in the next section.
In fact,
what we're going to to so far up to this point A So far as I can recall,
in the courses we've never actually looked how to do this dynamically.
We've always,
I think,
hard coded.
Where the pastor specific falls we're looking at are what we're gonna look at in the next
lecture is how to use the folder picker.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.